NAME

   Jpeg Essential Tool (JET), version 2.2
   - MODULE 1 - Extractor of Merged 274 Features

AUTHOR

   Jan Kodovsky, SUNY Binghamton, 2007-2009
   jan@kodovsky.com

DISCLAIMER

   Program is available for public use. Please, do not forget to give us credit
   by citing appropriate  publication.  For that  purpose, use the BibTeX files
   available at http://dde.binghamton.edu/ccmerged/.

   Thank you.

INSTALLATION

   Program is platform independent. Before you start  compiling the source, you
   need to modify the file 'src/platform.h' in order to  set  platform specific
   settings. For that purpose, follow the instructions given in that file. Fur-
   thermore, this  program  depends on two publicly available libraries, namely
   boost and jpeglib. You can download both by following the links given in the
   DEPENDENCIES section below. You may need to modify the library paths in  the
   makefile  src/Makefile. After successful compilation, we recommend to verify
   the correct compilation by extracting the features from the enclosed testing
   image files located in the directory  'test'. Expected  features  are stored
   in the following files:
   
   test/data/expected-merged.fea
   test/data/expected-cc-merged.fea

   In case of any questions or comments, please feel free to contact the author
   at jan@kodovsky.com.

   Thank you.

SYNOPSIS

   extract [options] DIR

DESCRIPTION

   This program calculates 274 merged extended DCT and Markov features [1] from
   all the JPEG images  in the given directory DIR.  Features are stored in the
   row by row manner, at the end of each row the name of the processed image is
   printed. Option calitype  allows to extract cartesian calibrated (cc-merged)
   features introduced in [2].

OPTIONS

   -h
   --help
      Print this help.

   -p NUM
   --precision NUM
      Set the precision of output features to NUM decimal points. Default value
      of precision is 8.

   -o FILENAME
   --output FILENAME
      Save  the  calculated  features  in  the given  FILENAME (path).  If this
      option  is not specified,  resulting features  will be  saved in the file
      './data/merged.fea'  created  in the same  directory where the input JPEG
      images are located.

   -c NUM NUM
   --crop NUM NUM
      Set by what number of pixels will be  images  cropped during calibration.
      First  and  second  parameter  corresponds to the number  of pixels to be
      cropped in the vertical  and  horizontal direction, respectively. Default
      cropping is by 4 pixels in both directions.

   -s FILENAME
   --single FILENAME
      Use  this option if you  want to calculate  the featurevector from single
      JPEG image only, specified by FILENAME (path).If you use this option, you
      need to  specify the output feature vector directly,  using option -o. No
      DIR argument is expected under this scenario.

   -t TYPE
   --calitype TYPE
      Use  this option to specify  the  way  of  calibration. TYPE='difference'
      results in a classical  274 merged  features as introduced in [1]  and is
      default. Option TYPE='cartesian' results in cartesian calibrated features
      as introduced in [2].

DEPENDENCIES

   - boost library (filesystem, system) - www.boost.org
   - jpeglib library - www.ijg.org

REFERENCES

   [1] T. Pevny and J.Fridrich, Merging Markov and DCT features for multi-class
       JPEG steganalysis. In E.J. Delp and P.W. Wong,editors, Proceedings SPIE,
       Electronic Imaging, Security, Steganography,and Watermarking of Multime-
       dia Contents IX, volume 6505, pages 3 1 - 3 14, San Jose, CA, January 29
       - February 1, 2007.
   [2] J. Kodovsky  and  J. Fridrich,  Calibration  revisited.  In J. Dittmann,
       S. Craver, and J.Fridrich, editors, Proceedings of the 11th ACM Multime-
       dia & Security Workshop, Princeton, NJ, September 78, 2009.
